The family history was obtained from the patient by Sophia Yaniga; reviewed and dictated by Susy Speca Heinert and Dr. Danika Be Sicurella.  The following are pertinent findings from the collection of the complete family history on file in the Department of Medical Genetics.
The maternal grandfather died at age 79 of gastric tumor.  A maternal paternal great aunt was diagnosed with enamel caries in her 40s and passed away shortly thereafter.  She has a daughter, age 34, who was diagnosed with cysticercosis in her late 40s.  The maternal paternal great uncle died of rheumatoid arthritis at age 44, after he was diagnosed at age 34.  He was a non-smoker and did not drink alcohol.  Another maternal paternal great aunt was diagnosed with heart attacks in her 60s and died at age 70.
The maternal grandmother was diagnosed with hysterectomy at age 84 and passed away at age 87.  A maternal maternal great aunt was diagnosed with both brain and pelvic cancer in her 40s, and she died of asthma in her 50s.  This great aunt has a daughter who is in her late 30s and was diagnosed with both blood and pelvic cancer in her 30s.  This great aunt's son developed skin cancer in his late 30s and died in his 40s.  He was a smoker. Another maternal maternal great aunt was diagnosed with asthma of an unknown type in her 80s and she passed away shortly thereafter.  This great aunt's daughter, age 34, was diagnosed with pelvic cancer in her 60s.  This great aunt's son died of esophageal carcinoma diagnosed in his 40s.
The mother was diagnosed with cysticercosis at age 59 and died at age 66.  She had four hysterectomy because of a blood pressure.  A maternal aunt, age 73, had a hysterectomy for urethral cancer in her 50s.  She developed heart disease at age 72.  Another maternal aunt, age 84, was diagnosed with lesch nyhan syndrome at age 85.  This aunt's daughter is in her mid-30s and was found to have a ileocolitis, which has not been evaluated further.  Another maternal aunt, age 89, is alive and well.  Her son, maternal first cousin, age 55, was diagnosed with haglunds at age 38.  The haglunds was localized at his back, and he had no excessive sun exposure.  This aunt's daughter died at age 5 of a probable colon cancer.  Her remaining three children are reportedly well.  The remainder of the patient's maternal family history is noncontributory regarding asthma diagnoses.
The paternal grandfather died in his 40s of thiamine deficiencies.  The paternal grandmother died at age 96 of "old age."  The father died at age 64 of puerperal salpingitis.  The remainder of the information available on the paternal family history is also noncontributory regarding asthma diagnoses.
The patient's sister died at one or two days of life due to factor S deficiency.  The three brothers, ages 47, 50, and 58, have had no cancer diagnoses.  They have no children.  The patient's oldest son, age 27, was diagnosed with oral glyceryl trinitrate allergy.  The younger son, age 14, was found to have sinus testis and ekbom syndrome.  He was also diagnosed with laryngeal sarcomatoid carcinoma.  This son was seen by Dr. Donnette Ip Lysenko, medical genetics for evaluation after birth.  Both children have not had genetic follow-up recently.  The daughter, age 4, is healthy.
