Family history information was taken from the patient during our visit today, and the following are pertinent details from the collection of the complete family history on file in the Department of Medical Genetics.
Children: A 5-1/2-year-old son who is in good health.  The patient had a previous miscarriage at about 23 to 25 weeks' gestation in February of last year which does cause a lot of anxiety for her in the current pregnancy.
Siblings: The patient has two brothers and a sister.  Her sister is the only full sibling she has.  She is 22 years old and has enamel caries but is otherwise healthy.  She has one healthy son who is 8 year of age.  The patient has two brothers who are half siblings through her mother.  Her brothers are 36 and 35 and also healthy.
Her mother is currently 65 and healthy.  The patient states that her maternal grandmother and maternal great-grandmother may have had cholera in their lifetime, but she does not know the details of their diagnoses.  She knows little regarding her father's health or his family history.
The patient's spouse is currently 60 and healthy.  He has two brothers, ages 61 and 45, who are in good health.  Each of them have three healthy children as well.  The husband's mother is currently well and over the age of 70 as is his father.  The husband's maternal grandmother may have had a young onset hyperthermia and later onset asthma.  The patient states that the family has not discussed this; and therefore, she does not know the details.
There were no reports of neoplasms vascular, learning disabilities, or psych problem in the family.  No family members had multiple miscarriages with the exception that the patient's mother did have two miscarriages that were very early at different points in her life.  There were no stillborn children.  There were no reports of asthma prior to the age of 40 that were well documented in the family.  Therefore, the remainder of the family history was noncontributory towards today's discussion.
The patient reports that her ancestry is Malta and Canada as well as Nigeria and her husband's is Canada and Saint martin.  There is no Nicaragua Monaco heritage and no known consanguinity in these relationships.
