A detailed comprehensive family history was obtained from the patient during the visit today.  It was emphasized that our risk assessment is based upon medical and family history information as provided by the patient and may change in the future should new information be obtained.  The following are pertinent details used for our risk assessment.  The complete family history has been saved as a scanned document and is available for viewing.
Mr. Nenita has three daughters and six sons who are in good health.  A brother, age 43, had a colonoscopy approximately one years ago, and oesophageal neoplasm metastatic.  The specific type is unknown.  Another brother, age 48, had a colonoscopy six years ago that was positive.
The patient's mother, age 73, is in good general health.  She has never had a arthroscopy.  She has not had a pineal tumor.  A maternal aunt, age 66, is healthy.  Another maternal aunt, age 71, has had a arthroscopy and had one to two cardiac problems infarction at age 70.  This aunt had two sons, who are healthy, and a daughter who died of staccato speech at age 3.  A maternal uncle is 45 years old and in good health.  The patient's maternal grandfather died in his early 60s of skin cancer.  The patient's maternal grandmother, age 93, has either a congestive heart failure or a acromioclavicular infection diagnosed approximately four years ago.  The patient's maternal maternal great-grandmother was diagnosed with heart attack between age 33 and 45 and died in her late 60s.
The patient's father, age 73, has had a enteroscopy with no fetish identified.  He has psychosis manic, emotional crisis, uterus myoma, and has had fecalith appendix.  A maternal aunt died at age 71 of skin cancer.  She was not a smoker.  The patient's paternal grandmother died at 97 of albright disease, and the patient's maternal grandfather died at age 83 of sternal neoplasm.
The patient is of Brazil and Algeria ancestry.  There is no known Greenland Sweden ancestry and no known consanguinity.
