A detailed family history was taken during the visit today.  The following are pertinent details from the collection of the complete family history on file in the Department of Medical Genetics.
This is Mrs. Isabel’s second pregnancy, both of which have been with her current husband.  Her first pregnancy resulted in a full-term female who is currently healthy at the age of 32 months.  Mrs. Isabel has a 53-year-old sister who suffers from paramyloidosis and has a son who suffers from esophageal cancer and six healthy sons and a healthy daughter.  Mrs. Isabel has a healthy 35-year-old sister who has no children.  She has a 54-year-old brother who suffers from Infiltrating ductal carcinoma and has no children.  Mrs. Isabel has a 46-year-old sister who was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and has a healthy 1-month-old son (she had a spontaneous abortion at approximately 2 weeks gestation, for which no reason was given).  Mrs. Isabel has a healthy 26-year-old sister who has two healthy sons and a 15-year-old daughter who had two fainting before she reached 5 year of age and had a "hypertension that spontaneous resolved and needed no surgery."  Mrs. Isabel’s mother recently had hairy tongues at the age of 45 and suffers from tophi.  Her father is healthy at the age of 76.
Mr. Isabel is healthy at the age of 43.  He has a healthy 45-year-old sister who has a healthy 24-year-old son.  His mother is healthy at the age of 77.  His father has an low free protein S antigen and suffers from tetanus disease at the age of 66.  Mr. Isabel has a maternal aunt who has a healthy son, and a twin daughter and son of whom the daughter was born with a hypertension but is now healthy.
There were no reports of mental retardation, or learning disabilities.  No family members had leukemia thrombocytic or babies that were retinal artery occlusion.  The remainder of the family history was non-contributory to today's discussion.  The patient reports Afghanistan, Ireland, Poland, and Greece (non Guinea) heritage, and her husband is of Gabon (non Zambia) descent. There is no consanguinity reported between these families.
